README.md, before:

Tweet Couch
===========

Archive your tweets in a relaxing way.

Setup - Import to CouchDB
-------------------------

 1. Request and download your Twitter Archive file, from the Twitter Settings page.
 2. Extract the files somewhere e.g. `~/Desktop/tweets`.
 3. Git clone or download this repo.
 4. In a terminal, go to repo directory, and do this:

    	npm install

 5. To test this locally, install [CouchDB](http://couchdb.apache.org/) and start it. Else, get a hosted CouchDB instance. I use [Cloudant](https://cloudant.com/), create a new database called `tweets` and set its permissions to read-only for `Everyone else`.
 6. To import the Archive data into CouchDB, do the steps below.

		node scripts/archive2couch.js -h # Shows help
		node scripts/archive2couch.js -f <data/js/tweets folder> -c <http://user:pass@localhost:5984>

 7. After the import is done, do this to create the design views:

		node scripts/create-views.js -c <http://user:pass@localhost:5984>

 8. You're basically done. You can manually update CouchDB on a periodical basis by going through these steps again. Optionally, you can continue with the steps below to host this app on Heroku and run the updater on [Scheduler](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/scheduler) to sync the latest tweets from Twitter to CouchDB.

Setup - Heroku Scheduler to sync tweets to CouchDB
--------------------------------------------------

 1. Fill up the config required. This app uses [nconf](https://github.com/flatiron/nconf), thus there can be multiple configuration sources e.g. `process.argv`, `process.env` and `config.json`. For Heroku, it's recommended to use environment variables. To get your Twitter user ID, use [idfromuser.com](http://www.idfromuser.com/). See notes below to know what `supertweet_auth` does.

		heroku config:set user_id=<1234>
		heroku config:set supertweet_auth=user:pass
		heroku config:set couchdb_url=http://user:pass@localhost:5984

 2. Deploy this app to Heroku.
 4. Check if things are working by doing this:

		heroku run node twitter2couch.js

 3. Add [Heroku Scheduler](https://addons.heroku.com/scheduler).
 4. Go to add-on page, add a job, set task to `node twitter2couch.js`, at an **hourly** frequency. Save.
 5. You're done. Make sure it works properly by doing `heroku logs`.

Setup - UI for the tweets archive
---------------------------------

 Go to [github.com/cheeaun/tweets](http://github.com/cheeaun/tweets).

Important Notes
---------------

 1. I assume the archived tweets are from a **Public** account. The steps above might differ slightly for private account users. Pull requests are welcomed.
 2. The app uses [SuperTweet](http://www.supertweet.net/) service for fetching tweets because Twitter API 1.1 enforces OAuth which is a little troublesome compared to SuperTweet's Basic Authentication. Just sign up there and use the provided credentials for `supertweet_auth`.
 3. In Cloudant, you can set up a different username and password to be used for `couchdb_url`. Go to `Permissions` page and click `Generate API key`. The API key is also the username.
 4. The JSON responses from Twitter API are more detailed than the ones provided by Twitter Archive. Everything should still work nevertheless.

License
-------

Licensed under the [MIT License](http://cheeaun.mit-license.org/).

Similar projects
----------------

- Tweet Nest (PHP + MySQL) <https://github.com/graulund/tweetnest> - with many forks that support Twitter Archive
- Archive My Tweets (PHP + MySQL) <https://github.com/amwhalen/archive-my-tweets>
- Tweetarchive (Go + PostgreSQL) <https://github.com/paulsmith/tweetarchive>
- ElasticTweets (ElasticSearch) <https://github.com/AdaTheDev/ElasticTweets>
- GrailbirdUpdater (Ruby) <https://github.com/DeMarko/grailbird_updater>
- Twimo (Node.js + MongoDB) <https://github.com/rowanmanning/twimo>
- Twarch (PHP + SQLite) <https://github.com/TomNomNom/twarch>
- Twive (PHP + MySQL) <https://github.com/robhogg/twive>
- TwitterToWord (Java) <https://github.com/odessa2/TwitterToWord>
- Parse Twitter Archive (Python) <https://github.com/mshea/Parse-Twitter-Archive>
- Couch-tweet-archiver (Node.js + CouchDB) <https://github.com/mlc/couch-tweet-archiver>
- TweetDen (Ruby + MongoDB) <https://github.com/philoye/tweetden>
- [Keep your Twitter Archive fresh on Google Drive using a bit of Google Apps Script](http://mashe.hawksey.info/2013/01/sync-twitter-archive-with-google-drive/)

Commit message:

Update README regarding migration of supertweet to OAuth

README.md, after:

Tweet Couch
===========

Archive your tweets in a relaxing way.

Setup - Import to CouchDB
-------------------------

 1. Request and download your Twitter Archive file, from the Twitter Settings page.
 2. Extract the files somewhere e.g. `~/Desktop/tweets`.
 3. Git clone or download this repo.
 4. In a terminal, go to repo directory, and do this:

    	npm install

 5. To test this locally, install [CouchDB](http://couchdb.apache.org/) and start it. Else, get a hosted CouchDB instance. I use [Cloudant](https://cloudant.com/), create a new database called `tweets` and set its permissions to read-only for `Everyone else`.
 6. To import the Archive data into CouchDB, do the steps below.

		node scripts/archive2couch.js -h # Shows help
		node scripts/archive2couch.js -f <data/js/tweets folder> -c <http://user:pass@localhost:5984>

 7. After the import is done, do this to create the design views:

		node scripts/create-views.js -c <http://user:pass@localhost:5984>

 8. You're basically done. You can manually update CouchDB on a periodical basis by going through these steps again. Optionally, you can continue with the steps below to host this app on Heroku and run the updater on [Scheduler](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/scheduler) to sync the latest tweets from Twitter to CouchDB.

Setup - Heroku Scheduler to sync tweets to CouchDB
--------------------------------------------------

 1. Fill up the config required. This app uses [nconf](https://github.com/flatiron/nconf), thus there can be multiple configuration sources e.g. `process.argv`, `process.env` and `config.json`. For Heroku, it's recommended to use environment variables.

		heroku config:set user_id=<1234>
		heroku config:set couchdb_url=http://user:pass@localhost:5984
		heroku config:set consumer_key=XXX
		heroku config:set consumer_secret=XXX
		heroku config:set access_token=XXX
		heroku config:set access_token_secret=XXX

	- To get your Twitter user ID, use [idfromuser.com](http://www.idfromuser.com/).
	- [Set up a new app](https://dev.twitter.com/apps/new) to get your consumer key and secret. Create the access token and secret from the app's details page.

 2. Deploy this app to Heroku.
 4. Check if things are working by doing this:

		heroku run node twitter2couch.js

 3. Add [Heroku Scheduler](https://addons.heroku.com/scheduler).
 4. Go to add-on page, add a job, set task to `node twitter2couch.js`, at an **hourly** frequency. Save.
 5. You're done. Make sure it works properly by doing `heroku logs`.

Setup - UI for the tweets archive
---------------------------------

 Go to [github.com/cheeaun/tweets](http://github.com/cheeaun/tweets).

Important Notes
---------------

 1. I assume the archived tweets are from a **Public** account. The steps above might differ slightly for private account users. Pull requests are welcomed.
 2. In Cloudant, you can set up a different username and password to be used for `couchdb_url`. Go to `Permissions` page and click `Generate API key`. The API key is also the username.
 3. The JSON responses from Twitter API are more detailed than the ones provided by Twitter Archive. Everything should still work nevertheless.

License
-------

Licensed under the [MIT License](http://cheeaun.mit-license.org/).

Similar projects
----------------

- Tweet Nest (PHP + MySQL) <https://github.com/graulund/tweetnest> - with many forks that support Twitter Archive
- Archive My Tweets (PHP + MySQL) <https://github.com/amwhalen/archive-my-tweets>
- Tweetarchive (Go + PostgreSQL) <https://github.com/paulsmith/tweetarchive>
- ElasticTweets (ElasticSearch) <https://github.com/AdaTheDev/ElasticTweets>
- GrailbirdUpdater (Ruby) <https://github.com/DeMarko/grailbird_updater>
- Twimo (Node.js + MongoDB) <https://github.com/rowanmanning/twimo>
- Twarch (PHP + SQLite) <https://github.com/TomNomNom/twarch>
- Twive (PHP + MySQL) <https://github.com/robhogg/twive>
- TwitterToWord (Java) <https://github.com/odessa2/TwitterToWord>
- Parse Twitter Archive (Python) <https://github.com/mshea/Parse-Twitter-Archive>
- Couch-tweet-archiver (Node.js + CouchDB) <https://github.com/mlc/couch-tweet-archiver>
- TweetDen (Ruby + MongoDB) <https://github.com/philoye/tweetden>
- [Keep your Twitter Archive fresh on Google Drive using a bit of Google Apps Script](http://mashe.hawksey.info/2013/01/sync-twitter-archive-with-google-drive/)
